You're watching from StreamFlex app.
Would you like some water
or anything?
- Coffee?
- No.
Remember,
your mom's right outside...
if you want to stop or anything.
- Hi, Madeline.
- Sergeant.
OK.
Don't be nervous, OK?
I'm not nervous.
You want a donut?
Pastry cream.
Hot right now.
Come on.
You know,
these traditional glazed...
Are like heroin...
Highly addictive.
- You ever try heroin, Sue?
- No.
Good girl.
It's nasty stuff.
- Cocaine?
- No.
Hit a little "X"?
Occasional joint?
- No.
- Good for you.
We're all set.
We're all set. All right.
Thank you, Madeline.
State your name
for the record, please.
Sue Snell.
I want to talk
about Carrie White.
What do you want to know?
It's Jeremy, right?
- Norma.
- Yes, Mr. Schernhorst?
Norma, what were you
doing last night?
Could I possibly borrow
your Elvis pen?
You know, just...
Hey.
Did you do the homework?
You guys are really annoying.
Just sit down, OK?
Stop it.
You know
what I'm talking about?
Get out of here.
Yeah, I mean you.
All right,
butts in the seats.
- Carrie White.
- Here.
It's not roll call, Carrie.
You're excused
per your mother's request.
You might as well head down
to the library right now.
Shouldn't people like that
be home-schooled?
People like what, Chris?
You know.
Creepy religious people.
Give it a rest.
- Mr. Schernhorst.
- What?
I'm a creepy religious person.
Can I be excused?
Shut up, Kenny.
- Shut up, Kenny.
- Yes, Kenny, shut up.
All right.
Was she a friend of yours?
Carrie didn't have any friends.
When I was in high school...
even the biggest losers
had birds of a feather.
She wasn't a loser.
She just didn't belong.
Why do you think that is?
It's not brain surgery.
We are talking
about Carrie White.
Maybe she didn't want to belong.
Everybody wants to belong.
Anyone who tells you
they don't is lying.
I think Carrie wanted it
more than any of us.
Check it out.
Are you telling me
it's mine or what?
Whatever. Let's go.
Seriously,
she's been eyeing him...
I don't know,
praying for him.
Hey, hey,
come here, come here.
See? Look over there.
Hey, Ross.
Ross.
I think somebody wants you
to help her to see God.
You know, God?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God. Oh, yeah.
You ass!
Is my nose bleeding, dude?
No, seriously, come on.
Do I got a...
Bases loaded.
OK, come on, Carrie.
Come on, girls!
Strike two.
Okay, Carrie, come on.
You can do it.
Just keep your eyes
on the ball.
You think she's retarded?
Miss, miss, miss, miss!
Tina, knock it off.
OK, come on, Carrie.
Strike three.
Okay, that's it, girls.
Game's over.
Hit the showers.
Let's go, let's go!
Thanks.
No chance with her on our team.
No chance at all.
Carrie, you're such a loser.
"Oh, I can't hit the ball."
Hit the ball, stupid.
You suck.
Yeah.
Really?
Dude, Carrie's
Aunt Flo's in town.
- She's freaking out!
- Are you serious?
- Yes. Come on.
- Oh, my God.
Did you get your period?
Period! Period! Period!
Knock it off!
What are you doing?
She just got her period,
that's all.
Get out, everybody!
Get out! Get out!
Carrie?
Carrie, come on.
I'm sorry!
Come on, come on.
I'm sorry.
Carrie.
All right, Carrie.
Carrie! Carrie?
It's OK.
Am I dying?
No.
Isn't she a little...
What, old?
For her first?
Yeah. Most girls
have theirs at twelve.
I got mine when I was ten.
Ten?
I was wearing these white pants.
Oh, my God,
I was mortified. I...
The point is,
up until half an hour ago...
Carrie White thought
her first period was homeroom.
That's good-homeroom.
It's not a joke.
She thought
she was bleeding to death.
I just...
I find it hard to believe
that in this day and age
a girl wouldn't know...
something.
Look at who her mother is.
It's not our place to interfere
in people's beliefs.
What about the other girls?
What are we going to do
about them?
Well, they'll have to
be disciplined.
In the meantime, I think...
What's her name?
Carrie?
Carrie should be sent home
for the rest of the day.
Send in Carrie Wright.
It's Carrie White.
Come in, Cassie.
Miss Fish, can we get
a dismissal slip, please?
We feel it would be best...
if you went home
for the rest of the day...
and took care of yourself.
We're very sorry
about all this, Cassie.
- It's Carrie.
- Do you need a ride?
We can call a cab
if you need one.
No, she can walk.
The fresh air will do her good.
Carrie, I'm going to excuse you
from gym for a week.
I think you should take
study hall instead, okay?
As I said...
We're very sorry
about all this, Cassie.
It's Carrie!
- Gross.
- Yeah.
Plug it up, baby.
What are those, Carrie?
Thank you.
God, I hate her.
Creepy Carrie!
HI:
What are those?
Breasts.
I wish I had some.
You have to wait a few years,
but you'll get them...
and I bet
they'll be real pretty, too.
No, I won't.
Mama says good girls don't.
She said what?
Good girls don't get...
Your mother's a total hypocrite.
She's like a "C" cup.
Mama says she was bad
when she made me.
That's why she has 'em.
Calls 'em dirty pillows.
Dirty pillows.
Afternoon, Margaret.
Carrie, get over here.
What did I tell you?
Calm down, Margaret.
We were just talking.
Don't tell me to calm down,
whore girl.
Now, Margaret, I asked you
not to call my daughter that.
- Suck it, you cow.
- Estelle!
Carrie, get in this house...
right now.
Do yourself a favor
and run away from home.
Estelle, quiet.
Margaret says I got boobs
because I was a slut.
She said what?
- Mama!
- The Lord is not mocked!
Protect us from
He with the Split Foot...
who waits...
Protect us from
rebellious daughters...
- Not in the closet!
- You disobeyed me!
Mama, no!
Mama! Unlock the door!
Stop it!
Go to your closet and pray.
I don't want
to go to the closet!
You're a woman now.
Why didn't you tell me, Mama?
I was so scared.
I prayed.
I prayed the curse would
never happen to you.
It's not a curse, Mama.
Come.
And God made Eve
from the rib of Adam.
And Eve was weak and loosed
the raven on the world...
and the raven was called Sin...
and the first sin
was intercourse.
And the Lord visited Eve
with a curse...
and the curse
was the curse of blood.
Eve was weak.
Say it.
No, Mama.
It wasn't my fault.
Say it.
I didn't do anything wrong.
Eve was weak.
Say it.
You should've told me, Mama.
The girls all made fun of me.
Ask for forgiveness of your sin.
I didn't sin.
You sinned.
You didn't tell me,
and they laughed.
Don't you know
I can see inside you?
I can see your sin
as surely as God can.
Go to your closet and pray.
No, Mama.
- You pray to God...
- Mama, let me go!
...and your sins
will be washed away.
Pray.
Mama, please!
Mama!
"Jesus watches
from the wall..."
"but his face
is cold as stone."
"And if He loves me
as she tells me..."
"why do I feel so all alone?"
Any speculation
as to who the author is?
I'm gonna go out on a limb
and say Carrie White.
What do you suppose
she's trying to say?
Probably,
"Help me. My mother's insane."
Interesting.
Do you consider yourself
anti-religious, Sue?
No. I just think some people
take it too far that's all.
And you disapprove?
Look, I'm all for believing
whatever it is that
you want to believe...
but you say religion to me...
and I'm thinking
Da Vinci's "Last Supper."
Jesus looks sad.
The apostles look miserable.
I don't want
to go to that party.
Shouldn't religion be more like
dogs playing poker?
- Dogs playing...
- Poker.
I can't tell you what
any of the apostles
are doing in The Last Supper,
but I can tell you
that the little white bulldog...
is holding
an ace under the table.
See? That's fun.
I'm engaged.
There's awe and wonderment.
That other stuff is just
all ritual and punishment...
and it's way too weird
and way too serious.
Well, it is.
Go to bed.
Well, aren't you a bunch
of lovely young ladies?
Excited about the prom?
It's coming up.
I'll bet some of you
even have your gowns.
- Who's taking you, Sue?
- Tommy Ross.
Helen?
It must be Roy Everetts.
Chris... I imagine
you can take your pick.
Who's the lucky guy?
Billy Nolan.
- Who?
- Billy Nolan.
Isn't he the lucky one?
Mrs. Johansen?
Yes, dear?
Can you show me
how to do a search?
Hey, I've got an idea.
How about today
we skip softball...
Yeah!
And make boutonnieres for
your prom dates instead?
We can make them out of these.
I'm leaving.
You can't hit us!
I barely touched you.
You'll get canned for this.
See if you don't, you bitch!
I don't really care,
Hargensen.
If you or any of you think
I'm wearing my
teacher hat right now...
you're sadly mistaken.
I want you all to know
what you did on Friday
was a really nasty thing.
Did you stop to think that
Carrie White might have feelings?
Do any of you ever
stop to think?
Sue?
Helen? Tina?
You think she's ugly, don't you?
Well, you're ugly-
I saw just how ugly all of you
are Friday morning.
You can't talk to us like this.
My dad's a lawyer.
Shut up!
Open your mouth one more time,
and I'll plug you up.
My punishment for
this little stunt you pulled...
was three days' suspension...
and refusal
of your prom tickets.
- No!
- What? You can't...
That would've hit you
where you lived, wouldn't it?
And you would deserve it, too.
Unfortunately,
our administration...
is staffed entirely by men.
I don't think they have
the slightest idea
how nasty what you did was...
so you'll get
a week's detention.
But it's my detention...
In the gym
fifty minutes every day.
And I'm gonna run you ragged.
I won't come.
That's up to you, Chris.
That's up to all of you.
Punishment
for skipping detention...
is three days' suspension...
and refusal
of your prom tickets.
Get the picture?
Right. Change up.
Think about what I said.
She can't get away with this.
If we all just stick together,
we can make...
Shut up, Chris.
- Sue...
- Just shut up.
This isn't over.
This is so far from over...
it's not even in
the same area code as over!
So... you and
Christine Hargensen...
friends until the end?
- Wouldn't say that.
- What would you say?
We had our differences.
Differences about Carrie White?
Differences
about a lot of things.
I played with Barbie.
She played with horses.
She's a back to front.
I'm a front to back.
You know
a girl named Donna Kellogg?
Yeah.
I know Kellogg.
Every guy in school
had a bowl of her cereal.
She moved to Rhode Island
junior year.
What about her?
She got an e-mail from Chris
about four days before the prom.
What'd it say?
"Dear Dirty Donna,
so I'm out of the prom..."
"but they're not
going to get away with it."
"I don't know exactly
what we're going to do..."
"but I guarantee you
everyone is going to get..."
"a big... expletive...
surprise."
What do you suppose
she meant by that?
There's the rain forest.
That's when you don't do
anything at all.
Hitler's moustache,
the landing strip, the Brazil.
The Brazil?
What does Brazil have to do
with getting your area waxed?
Is it the shape of the country?
It's because the bikinis
in Brazil are so small...
you have to wax
everything off to wear one.
Where's Brazil anyway?
Hey, Carrie, do you want to sit
in Chris' desk today?
I don't think
she's gonna be using it
since you got her
kicked out of school.
Okay, well, just let me know
if you change your mind.
All right,
butts in the seats.
Six molecules of water...
plus six molecules
of carbon dioxide...
produces one molecule of sugar
and six molecules of oxygen.
What am I talking about?
Photosynthesis.
- Good. Photosynthesis.
- What?
What?
It's carried out
by many different organisms...
ranging from plants
to bacteria.
The main effect
of photosynthesis...
is to increase the overall
amount of carbon dioxide...
in the atmosphere.
The best-known form
of photosynthesis...
is the one carried out
by higher plants and algae...
as well as by bacteria...
Carrie?
You'd better
get to your next class.
Here's what I want.
One... prom tickets
for my daughter.
A girl's senior prom
is important to her...
and Chris is very upset.
Then she shouldn't have
skipped detention.
I wasn't talking to you,
Miss Desjarden.
When I am, you'll know
because I'll be looking at you.
Two...
no contract renewal
for Miss Desjarden.
Well, she's already
been reprimanded.
Not good enough.
This is her first year at Ewen?
Yes, and we're very pleased.
You're pleased?
With teachers who throw
students against lockers...
and then assault them
with feminine hygiene products?
That is a slightly exaggerated
version of events.
Is it?
Yes, it is.
Besides, the state
acknowledges
the school's title
to "in loco parentis."
We succeed to full parental
rights during school hours.
You might look at Clarkson County
School District vs. Crane.
The Crane case you administrators
are so fond of quoting...
doesn't cover anything
remotely concerned
with physical or verbal abuse.
Lewiston School District
vs. David Duzzer.
Are you familiar with that one?
Yes.
Then I don't have
to tell you who won.
If I took you
to court on this...
I could walk out
with Desjarden's dismissal...
and a hefty damage settlement
in my pocket.
But I don't want to be
vindictive.
So, if I don't
agree to your demands...
you will take me to court.
Off to court we'd go.
For physical
and verbal abuse, that right?
Essentially.
Mr. Hargensen...
are you aware that your daughter
and her friends...
cornered one of their classmates
in the ladies locker room?
A girl named Carrie White?
She was having
her first period...
and she thought she was dying.
Anyway, they cornered her
and yelled obscenities at her...
and then they filled
her locker up with tampons
and wrote "Plug it up"
on the door.
Are you aware of that?
I'm not a lawyer,
Mr. Hargensen...
but that sounds a lot like
physical and verbal abuse to me.
I'm not going to sit here
and listen to half-truths.
I think I know
my daughter well enough...
I don't think you
know your daughter
quite as well
as you might think.
If I may...
let's see here.
Four years, graduates in May.
Tested IQ of 140.
Detention, 73.
20 for harassment
of other students.
This, by the way,
is your daughter's file.
And look at that.
Despite a "C" average,
she's been admitted to Oberlin.
Pull some strings, John?
I'll see you in court.
Court it is.
Oh, and Mr. Hargensen...
The minute
you file for damages
on the grounds of
physical and verbal abuse,
I will cross-file
against your daughter
on those same grounds
on behalf of Carrie White
and the other nineteen students
in this folder.
Parent-teacher night...
is the first Tuesday
of even-numbered months.
Hope you stop by.
Did he really say,
"I'll see you in court"?
Hey.
Sue, over here.
- Hey, Suze.
- Hey, Billy.
I heard you dry-heaved
in detention.
Heard your dad
dropped the lawsuit.
He's such a wuss.
It doesn't matter, though.
We're gonna crash
the prom anyway,
you know, like in protest
or something.
Good luck with that.
I'm totally joking.
Oh, and thanks for having
my back with Desjarden.
Maybe if I wasn't the only one
who skipped detention...
we could've made a point.
I think the rest of us kind of
wanted to go to the prom, Chris.
Besides, what we did sucked.
That's such a load of crap.
This is Carrie White's fault.
She walks around like
she gets her Massengill...
blessed down at Holy Family.
She freaked out.
Cut her some slack.
She's always freaking out.
Like that time
she had that seizure...
and told everyone
she was speaking in tongues.
Maybe she thought
Please. She's been
working that martyr bit...
since the first grade,
and I'm sick of it.
Yeah, you'll be strong.
Look, where do you get off
acting so righteous
all of a sudden?
I seem to remember
you were in there
chanting with the rest of us.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're right.
Look, Tommy's waiting,
so I'll see you later, OK?
Carrie?
Have you said your prayers?
I'm saying them now, Mama.
I'm talking to you.
I said I'm saying them now!
Are you high?
Seriously... are you high?
No.
We should have a rule.
If they do something
in a Freddie Prinze Jr. movie...
we're not allowed
to do it in real life.
What are you talking about?
You want me to take
Carrie White to the prom?
Yeah.
It's like in that movie.
Freddie bets this dude
that he can turn
some she-geek
into the prom queen.
Except, unlike Carrie White,
this chick's a supermodel
but we're not supposed to know
because she's wearing glasses.
Anyway, it's a bad idea.
It's a good idea.
It's totally mean.
She'll think it's a joke,
and so will everyone else.
Just leave her alone.
She won't think it's a joke
if you don't make it a joke.
Ask her.
She'll say no.
She'll say yes.
She likes you, you're cute
and non-threatening.
Take her to the prom.
Take her and be nice to her
and hold her hand.
Please?
Carrie!
Sorry.
What are you reading?
Nothing.
Just something about sewing.
How have you been?
OK.
So if you don't
have a date for prom...
you want to go with me?
What?
Prom.
It's on Friday.
I know it's kind of
late notice and all-
I don't like being tricked.
Carrie,
Carrie, it's... Carrie.
The little creep
didn't even call me.
- I mean who doesn't call me?
- I would call him.
Carrie...
Does everyone think they can
go on playing tricks on me?
It's not a trick.
I know who you hang around with.
Who I hang around with
has nothing to do with this.
I'm asking you
because I want to.
Why?
Because you're different.
I don't mean that in a bad way.
It's actually kind of cool...
like anti-establishment
or something.
OK, you're not different.
You're... mysterious.
How's that?
What about Sue Snell?
What about her?
She's your girlfriend.
Why aren't you taking her?
She doesn't want to go.
I asked her
if I could take you
and she said
it was a really good idea.
Why would she say that?
Can you keep a secret?
I mean it.
If it gets back to Sue
that I told you this,
she'll kill me.
I won't tell.
She thinks
you're really interesting.
She says you've got a lot more
going on than people know.
And I think a
part of her wants to
see the look on
Chris Hargensen's face
when she finds out you're going
to prom and she isn't.
I would love to, I would.
Then say yes.
No.
It would be a nightmare.
Come on. Today is the last day
to buy tickets.
I'm going to be late for class.
- Will you?
- I can't.
- You're going.
- They'll laugh.
No one will laugh.
If they do,
I'll kick their ass.
OK.
Is that a yes?
Yes, I'll go.
I'll pick you up at 7:30.
Fine.
Thank you.
It's gonna be fun.
Don't worry.
My God.
Do you know what it means
to conspire, Sue?
Yeah. It's when you plot to do
something behind someone's back.
You make a secret plan
to commit unlawful acts.
What did I just say?
You see, some people are
having trouble believing
that you had your boyfriend Tommy
take Carrie White to the prom
out of the kindness
of your heart.
What is that supposed to mean?
Both Tommy and Chris
are friends of yours.
Look, I told you, OK?
Chris and I had a falling out.
I'd like to believe that,
but...
The going theory
is that the three of you
conspired to get
Carrie White to the prom
so you could humiliate her.
Something went wrong and
a lot of people were killed.
You haven't touched your cake.
It's Betty Crocker.
Cake gives me pimples.
Just the Lord's way
of chastising you.
Mama?
Yes?
I got invited to the prom.
He's a real nice boy.
He promised he'd come in
and meet you.
No.
He said would have
me home by 11:00.
No. No. No.
I've already accepted.
I have to try to get
along with people, Mama.
I'm not like you.
I'm weird.
Everybody thinks I'm weird...
and I don't want to be.
I want to try and be normal.
You're not going.
It's evil and it's a sin.
Everything isn't a sin, Mama.
- Go to your closet and pray.
- No!
You're not going
and that's final.
Mama, please sit down
and talk with me!
I'm not done talking yet.
Mama!!!
Please sit and talk with me.
I want to start living
my own life.
I don't like yours.
Witch!
I'm not a witch.
I just...
Sometimes...
I can move things.
I should have known
when you let the fire come.
Sin never dies.
I'm not the only one, Mama.
Other people can do it, too.
I read about them
on the internet.
The internet?
Things are going to change
around here, Mama.
That boy...
He's like all the rest, Carrie.
I don't care!
He asked me to go and I'm going.
You can't stop me.
I don't want
to talk about it anymore.
You look at a girl
like Carrie White
and you don't know
if you want to slap her
or feel sorry for her.
She's just sort of pathetic.
Can I have another one?
They're really good.
Hot right now.
I mean, I have nothing
against her.
I'm sad she died and all,
but I'm sad
everyone dies, you know?
How well did you know
Christine Hargensen and Sue Snell?
I had a few classes
with them
but we weren't really friends.
They were ultras.
Ultras?
Ultra-popular,
ultra-pretty, ultra-etc.
And you weren't?
I'm senior class president.
Apparently it wasn't cool to be
passionate about school spirit.
I see.
It's like this: You got
your jocks and your ultras
at the top of the food chain,
then your student body leaders,
such as myself,
and then the brains
and then the geeks,
which is
a subtle distinction
because brains tend to be
more aesthetically pleasing
and less likely to join
the marching band or choir.
Where was Carrie White
on this food chain?
As far down as you can go.
She was a Plath.
Everyone made fun of her,
especially the ultras.
Did Chris or Sue ever
give you any indication
that they were planning
to harm Carrie?
You think what happened...
You think that was all because
someone wanted to hurt Carrie?
I'm seventeen.
High school. I'm a senior.
What kind of counseling?
Like a guidance counselor?
No.
Nothing like that.
Would they know
what's happening to me?
So, if I just think it's real
and it's not,
how would I know?
I mean, it feels real...
We're not supposed
to use that phone.
I was talking to my mom.
Didn't sound like
you were talking to your mom.
We were having a fight.
I always fight with my mom.
Always hang up on her, too.
So I take it you've leveled out
since last Friday?
Your little episode?
You went all fetal
in the shower.
What about it?
You have to admit,
you totally overreacted.
We were just messing around.
We wouldn't give you a hard time
if we didn't like you.
We all really like you,
you know that, right?
What do you want?
Don't get all pissy.
I'm only trying to be nice.
So, are your boobs sore?
What?
You look a little bloated.
When I'm bloated,
my boobs get really sore.
You're only supposed
to take like two Ibuprofen.
I take three.
Got that from Sue.
She's like a total junkie.
Now that you guys
are all cozy
she'll have you tossing them
back like communion wafers.
I'm not cozy with Sue Snell.
Really? She's acting like
you're her new best friend.
Don't get me wrong.
I think it's great.
Just don't let her
turn you into another
one of her "projects."
Did she say I was a project?
It's her M.O.
Helen was a project.
I was a project.
She practically
talked me into
getting Botox last summer.
Can you believe that?
Maybe she thought you needed it.
I'm just saying that
she has a hard time
accepting people
for who they are.
Being her friend can be
a little on the demeaning side.
Especially when
everyone in school
knows why
she's being your friend.
And tell Sue she can say
all she wants about me...
but at least when
I'm being a bitch I'll cop to it.
Bye.
- Hi.
So, you come here often?
No.
You have trouble
coloring inside the lines.
You know, you might want to try
something a little less drastic.
Like this one.
Curve it around the bow
of your lips like so...
and...
now, rub them together.
Now smack.
Yep.
You can add some lip liner
for a little extra drama.
That's not what that's for.
Have you picked out your dress?
No, but I found one
that I like.
- What color?
- I can't decide.
Well, I don't know.
If you want to...
we could do
a fashion consultation thing.
We could even model.
I don't think I want to model.
Well, anyway...
I'm really glad that
you're going to the prom.
Why?
I just thought
you'd have a good time.
That's all.
Why? Why do you care
if I have a good time?
I mean, you never really
talked to me before...
and the only reason
you're talking to me now...
is because none of
your friends are around.
Look...
If you don't want to go,
then don't go.
No, I didn't say
I don't want to go.
I just wish I was going
because someone liked me,
not because someone
feels sorry for me.
This is not a pity thing.
I don't feel sorry for you.
Yeah, you do.
You feel sorry for me
because you think
you're better than me.
I don't think
I'm better than you.
It's OK.
Everyone does.
Doesn't mean it's true, though.
I really like this color.
Thank you for helping me
pick it out.
You guys, come on.
We don't have that much time!
Be careful with that!
- Everybody's been talking.
- What are they saying?
That you and Carrie White
are having a lesbian affair
and you had Tommy take her
to prom to throw people off.
It's just that Carrie satisfies me
in a way no one else can.
I bet.
I feel bad about what happened.
Great. So you're
a saint and we're all bitches.
Something like that.
Ladies? More mauve?
It looks like you might
be running a little low.
I can't believe
Tommy's going along with it.
He's been very agreeable
since we started having sex.
Right on!
Has Chris said anything?
Only that she hates your guts.
Think she might try something?
I don't know.
Got your 911.
Ever so dramatic.
Let me just reiterate...
Oh, my God!
- What?
- Come here.
- Get over here.
Norma will have an aneurysm
if she sees us.
I saw her head
into the crapper.
So what's this?
Nothing.
Just the king and queen
ballots for prom.
- OK. David and Rachel.
- No.
No way.
Rachel's in drama club.
Peter and Myra... No.
Frank and Jessica.
Maybe. Roy and Helen.
Forget it.
Tommy and Sue?
I didn't think...
That's the old ballot.
This is the new ballot,
or as I like to call it,
Ballot 2.0.
Tommy and Carrie?
That bitch.
I know. It's like
the whole world's gone insane.
Tina, you're a peach.
- I gotta make a phone call.
- OK!
Hey, Billy? It's Chris.
You're never gonna guess
what I just found out.
You ready?
Oh... Hi, Sue!
Want some tea, Mama?
Mama!!!
Do you like
this one or this one?
I think this one's real pretty.
It's godless.
It's not godless, Mama.
I wish you could be happy
for me.
There's a mark on you now.
This one's prettier.
Woe to the woman
who makes garments
with lustful purpose,
for she is prideful
and curses
and rejects the Lord.
Sometimes I think
you make those things up.
"Ezekiel," Chapter 13.
Read it for yourself.
I'll read it later.
- Read it now.
- I'm busy, Mama.
You've gone so far astray,
I fear for you.
You really think
I'm gonna burn in hell, Mama,
just for going to my prom?
I don't want to think about
what's going to happen to you.
Sin knows you now.
It'll find you.
Your sin will find you,
Carrie,
and when it does,
not even Jesus can help you.
Jesus will help me.
He will help me
if I really need him.
Not if he doesn't
love you anymore.
Jesus loves everybody, Mama.
Even me.
I'm impressed, Jackie.
I am impressed.
Four counts of possession,
one with intent to sell.
Vandalism...
disturbing the peace,
drunk and disorderly.
Bay, I...
Your parents must be
awfully proud of you.
My parents died when I was six.
Not so funny now, is it?
Well, it sure is funny odd
because I just talked
to Louise and Jackie Sr.
Not an hour ago,
both very much alive
and very concerned.
Jackie, you ever pal around
with a fellow named Billy Nolan?
How about Christine Hargensen?
Sue Snell?
Have you ever been up to
Irwin Hinty's pig farm?
- Up in North Chamberlain?
- No.
You never been up there?
See, Hinty, he didn't have
any security system,
so people were
knocking fences down
and stealing hogs
and all kinds of things.
Is that so?
Yeah.
So what do you think he does?
He installs one of those expensive
high-tech security systems.
Oh, man. It's got one of those
really cool cameras...
that take pictures in the dark.
Doggone if
they don't look like
they were taken
in broad daylight.
Lookie there.
Look at the detail on that.
You can just about count the
hairs on that pig's snout, can't you?
I thought this one
was particularly good of you.
Don't you think?
Of course, here's the one of
all three of you there.
You got...
Here's you and Chris and Billy.
Looking pretty chummy.
How come
there's no picture...
of Sue?
She wait in the car?
What?
Sue Snell?
Where's she?
How should I know?
She wasn't even there.
It was my understanding Sue and
Chris planned the whole thing.
Dude, you don't know what
you're talking about.
Dude! Ain't this
a lot of work for a joke?
Are you wussing out?
No.
I was just sayin'.
I mean, it's a good joke.
Piggy, Piggy, Piggy!
Billy!
Who's a Pie?
Here, Piggy, Piggy, Piggy!
- Dude, hurry up!
- You want to do this?
Then shut your pie hole.
Whenever you're ready, man.
I can't.
You do it.
Are you kidding me?
Dude, don't look at me.
I don't believe you.
Take it!
Seriously, take it!
Fine.
But you gotta cut
its throat.
No way.
Don't tell me no way.
You're doing it.
Dude-
Why are you still talking?
Just do it!
You're doing it.
Little pigs, little pigs,
let me in.
Not by the hair
on your chinny chinny chin.
Then I'll huff and I'll puff...
and I'll bash your brains in.
Hinty's gonna drop a hot stack
when he sees this.
I should have known
it would be red.
It's pink, Mama.
I can see your dirty pillows.
Everyone will.
They're called breasts, Mama.
All the girls have them.
They're very fashionable
these days.
Take off the dress.
No.
I don't want to lose you,
Carrie.
Now, I'm begging you.
Take off that dress.
No, Mama!
We can burn it together
and pray for forgiveness.
Please...
don't be like them.
I'll try to be home by 11:00.
I'll call you
if I'm gonna be later.
They'll laugh at you.
They always have.
Go away, Mama.
You're making me nervous.
Burn the dress, Carrie.
It's the only way.
Burn it and
pray for forgiveness.
Go away!
Jezebel fell from the tower...
and so will you.
It's in the Bible.
Stop it. Stop it.
Stop that!
I love you, Mama!
I'm sorry!
Watch your fingers!
He's not coming.
- Hello?
- Just a minute!
Are you OK?
I'm fine!
I'll be right there!
So, did your ceiling
just collapse or something?
Yes. Yes, my ceiling
just collapsed just now.
Whoa. Can I see it?
No.
You look...
really beautiful.
So do you.
Do you want your corsage?
Yes.
After you.
It's quarter to eight!
Hey!
- I heard you!
- Then say something, dude!
Maybe it's a bad idea.
It's a good idea.
It is a really good joke.
Totally good joke.
Pig blood for a pig.
- What?
- Nothing.
Get dressed.
I just can't quite
figure you out.
I'm an enigma.
No, you're
just hiding something.
I'm not hiding anything.
Yeah, you are. I used
to think that you were
a part of
Christine Hargensen's agenda
but Jackie Talbot
has pretty much exonerated you.
I'm not hiding anything.
It just seems strange to me
that you're not more upset.
It's been two weeks.
They've had all the funerals.
Am I supposed to wear black
for the rest of my life?
No. That's not
what's bothering me.
Then what is?
You've just been through
the single most
traumatic experience
of your life, knock wood,
and you got something
more important on your mind.
Nervous?
Yes.
Don't be.
Just pretend you're
somebody else, you know?
Like you're meeting people
for the first time or something.
Maybe you should do an accent.
No. Don't do an accent.
That's dumb.
But you know what I mean.
Like "Pygmalion."
- Pig what?
- "My Fair Lady."
Yeah, I guess.
So... don't be nervous.
You ready?
Can we just sit here...
for a few more seconds?
Sure.
- OK, I'm ready.
- Wait.
Sue said she'd cut off my boys
if I wasn't a perfect gentleman.
OK? Let's go.
Pull the rope when
they play the school song.
Pull it hard.
There'll be a little slack,
but not much.
When you feel the bucket go...
run.
Don't stick around
to see what happens.
You got it?
Yes.
If you get caught
and even mention my name...
I'll kill you.
I mean it.
This is a criminal assault.
OK.
God damn.
This is gonna be good.
Definitely.
Why, Tommy Ross.
You look good enough to eat,
honey.
Some would say I am delicious.
Okay, if you knew
how many people
seriously thought
you were gay,
you wouldn't be joking about it.
If they decide
to run away together,
I'll dance with you.
Oh, my God.
Where did you get that dress?
- I made it.
- Shut up.
- You shut up.
- Seriously, you made that?
I did.
I like to sew.
It's a real simple pattern.
- Look at your ass.
- What?
Okay, now who's gay, right?
Okay, after seeing your ass
the whole nun
in street clothes thing
is no longer acceptable.
God, here comes Norma.
Life's too short.
That was a compliment.
Carrie?
You look so different.
I can't believe how different.
- Hi, Norma.
- Hi.
She's glowing,
don't you think?
You're glowing.
Well, I got to get back.
Isn't this exciting?
I am so excited.
OK' bye.
Do you want some punch?
Yes, please.
Carrie?
Hi, Miss Desjarden.
You look very pretty.
Thank you. You look...
You look amazing.
That's very nice of you.
I know it's not true,
but thank you.
For God's sake,
take a compliment.
I wouldn't say it
if I didn't mean it.
Thank you.
Do you mind if I sit down?
My feet are killing me.
I remember my prom.
My date brought a toy gun
so he could pose like James Bond
for the picture.
He sounds like fun.
Yeah.
They arrested him.
I didn't have
anybody to dance with.
I spent the entire night alone
until my father picked me up.
I'm sorry.
It's just a dance.
I mean, it's special and all,
but it's not that special.
I know.
I mean, that thing's skimpy.
So, you excited
about graduation?
I don't know.
I couldn't wait to graduate.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
I hated high school.
Oh, God.
I do, too.
I know you're
not supposed to say that
but I do,
I hate it so much.
Preaching to the choir.
No offense.
Just remember, nothing
that happens up until now
matters after graduation.
Nothing.
Except, you know,
like studying and good grades.
You take what you want
and you leave the rest behind.
You never even have to see
these people again
if you don't want to.
- I don't?
- No.
But I highly recommend
the ten-year reunion.
- Why?
- Everybody's different.
People will say...
"Oh, my God. So and so
hasn't changed at all"
but they're lying.
Everybody changes,
and not always for the better.
Like those girls over there.
Right now,
they're at their peak.
They'll never be more pretty
or more popular.
And in ten years,
they'll be fat.
And the fat girls,
some of them'll be thin.
And the cute boys
will be bald
and the jocks
will have beer bellies.
It's fantastic.
- Really?
- I swear to God.
And the ones
who were miserable...
turn out just fine.
They do.
So enjoy yourself.
Try not to take it
too seriously.
It'll be over
before you know it.
Hey, Miss D.
Hey, Tommy.
Don't you look nice?
Thanks.
Can I talk to you
for a second?
Sure.
Having fun?
- Yeah.
- Good.
I just thought
you should know...
if you show Carrie anything less
than the time of her life...
I'll see to it personally
you're expelled.
Do you understand
the words
that just came out
of my mouth?
Yes.
Then go dance with her.
Stick to the slow songs.
She'll look stupid
dancing to anything fast.
Everything OK?
Yeah.
- So do you want to dance?
- No.
Do you?
Not really.
But it is our senior prom.
I can't dance.
It's a slow song,
so all we have to do
is stand close to each other
and shift our weight
from foot to foot like
everybody else is doing.
It requires no skill.
- Okay.
Here.
Put your hand here.
And then...
See?
Nothing to it.
Tommy?
Yeah?
Thank you.
For what?
For everything.
For taking me to the prom...
for being so nice to me.
I know that you don't
like me like that...
but...
I'm glad I got to be
your date tonight.
Me, too.
I think I'm gonna let
you pull the rope.
Your attention, please.
Ladies and gentlemen,
may I have your attention?
Shut up!
Please take your seats.
It's time to vote
for king and queen.
Tommy, we're on here.
Yeah. I saw that.
- Can we decline?
- Hell, no.
If you win,
all you do is sit up there
for the school song,
wave some scepter around
and look like a jackass.
Then you get your picture
taken for the yearbook...
so everyone can see
you look like a jackass.
Oh, yeah, and then
you get to lead a dance.
Who do we vote for?
Ourselves, duh.
Isn't that like voting
for Ralph Nader?
Who?
Well, I'm voting for you.
False modesty sucks.
Ballots, please.
Good luck!
We found these in the dumpster
behind what's left of the gym.
I can't believe
you touched those.
They're probably
swimming with disease.
You recognize them?
They're prom ballots.
I'm the one that Xeroxed them.
According to these, Frank
and Jessica were elected
king and queen of the prom.
I counted those ballots myself.
Mr. Morton checked my work.
Tommy and Carrie
won fair and square.
- I'm guessing by a landslide.
- Yeah.
That doesn't seem odd to you?
I just figured
they were pity votes.
They're not pity votes, Norma.
Somebody switched the ballots.
It's time to announce
our elected royalty.
We have a chance.
Tommy Ross and Carrie White!
Come on up, you guys-
You look so beautiful.
Congratulations.
Oh, my God.
It's working.
Come on, take a seat.
Just sit there.
Sit. Great. OK.
Ladies and gentlemen,
your king and queen
of senior prom!
They're playing the school song.
Pull it now.
- Pull it now.
- Shut up.
Do it.
I knew it.
I knew you were
going to chicken out.
I'm not pulling it for you.
This is your thing.
That bucket can sit up there
till graduation for all I care.
Your Highnesses...
the court requests
that you lead them in dance.
Ladies and gentlemen...
your king and queen
of senior prom!
Pig, Pig, Pig, soo-ey!
Pig, Pig, Pig!
Carrie?
Carrie, look at me.
He's not breathing!
I can barely feel his pulse.
We gotta get him to a doctor.
It'll be all right.
Just stay here!
Don't go away!
I'll be right back!
Everybody, try to stay calm!
Go to the exits
in an orderly fashion!
Don't panic! Don't go in...
Help!
Get out of the way!
Come on, Tommy!
Get him up!
Just get him up!
Get him out of here!
Help me!
Somebody!
Listen to me, kids!
Get away from the doors!
Move into
the center of the gym!
They will get the doors open!
Just don't panic!
Listen to me!
Norma!
Norma! Look at me!
You come with me, OK?
Everybody come with me!
- Come on!
- Oh, my God!
Come on!
Get me out! Get me out!
I don't want to die!
Help me!
Get me the chair!
Come on! Help me!
Help me!
Pull it! Pull it!
Come on! Come on!
Help me!
Norma, get in! Go!
Carrie!
Everybody get off the floor!
Hurry! Hurry!
Get off the floor!
When did you first realize
that something was wrong?
When I heard the sirens.
Fuel tanks down at the school
just went up.
Gymnasium is gone.
What happened at the school?
Go home.
There's nothing you can do here.
Come on! Go!
People, move back!
Carrie?
Go! Go!
Carrie!
Hey! Dude!
Open up!
What's your problem, man?
Chamberlain's burning up, man!
Whole damn town.
School's gutted.
What?
They said people
at the prom were trapped.
Only like 11 of them got out.
Everybody else was cooked.
Dude...
The ones that got out
told the police
something about a prank.
Go home.
Don't talk to anybody.
What are we going to do?
We're going into town
and we're gonna watch the fires.
Who is that?
What are you doing?
Billy! Stop!
Stop!
Mama?
What happened? I don't...
The Lord says,
"Thou shalt not suffer
a witch to live."
I'm not a witch, Mama.
Please tell me what happened!
You were weak, Carrie.
I told you
your sin would find you.
'III
I can't remem...
remember.
Help me.
Let's Pray-
Say it with me.
Now I lay me down to sleep...
I pray the Lord...
my soul to keep.
If I should die...
before I wake...
I pray the Lord...
my soul to take.
The Lord...
The Lord is not mocked.
When was the last time
you saw Carrie White alive?
At school, before the prom.
You told Sheriff Doyle
you saw her after the prom.
Right before
the Critter King blew.
It was dark.
I saw a girl in a dress.
You said you saw Carrie White.
I was wrong.
What's it matter anyway?
Carrie's dead.
It matters because
we still haven't figured out
what happened on prom night.
And it also matters
because we still haven't
identified Carrie White's body.
Oh, God.
OK. Head back.
Open...
Come on.
OK.
You have to go.
OK. Here.
OK?
What happened?
What did I do?
You have to go, OK?
Come on.
You ever see something
you can't explain?
I'm not talking about
a strange light in the sky
or Jesus' face on a tortilla.
I'm talking about something
that's not supposed to happen.
Like, in reality.
You mean, like a miracle?
Something else.
Did you ever think the reason
that you can't explain
what happened on prom night
is because...
what happened wasn't natural?
Two weeks ago,
I saw a steel desk
move across the floor
without anyone touching it.
Five inches.
I measured.
Carrie White was in the room
when it happened.
234 people died,
and you're trying to sell me
on some
"Weekly World News" headline?
I don't need you to tell me
how many people died.
Half of them were kids
I saw every day.
I am truly sorry for your loss,
Miss Desjarden. I am.
But that doesn't
change the fact
that someone's
still unaccounted for.
This girl is one of
eight missing persons,
but the problem is,
we only got seven bodies.
Now, you're
implying what, exactly?
I'm not implying anything.
I'm just giving you the facts.
What did you see on prom night?
I was hanging from an air vent,
pissing my pants,
trying not to get electrocuted.
I didn't see anything.
Might as well tell you
it was poltergeists.
- But you don't believe that, right?
- No.
You believe
it was Carrie White.
It wasn't your fault.
It wasn't all your fault.
We shouldn't be here.
People thinking you're dead
is sort of contingent
on nobody seeing you alive.
Where am I going to go?
I don't know.
Somewhere
where they don't know you.
I'll drive you
as far as Florida.
Then I have to come back.
Sin never dies.
Bad dream?
Are you OK?
Do you want me to pull over?
No.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org